README.md, before:

# TYPO3 Upgrade Assistant

This extensions aims to assist you while upgrading your TYPO3 system.

## Feature set
* Get merged TCA as PHP code

## Known issues

[See ext. manual for more](https://docs.typo3.org/p/amartinno1/ama-t3-upgrade-assistant/master/en-us/)

## Contribute
If you want to contribute you can either create a [PR](https://github.com/AMartinNo1/ama_t3_upgrade_assistant/pulls) with a description
about your change or create an [issue](https://github.com/AMartinNo1/ama_t3_upgrade_assistant/issues) with your idea or found bug.

[Show all contributors](https://github.com/AMartinNo1/ama_t3_upgrade_assistant/graphs/contributors)

## Tested with
The extension has been developed and tested using
* TYPO3 v9.5.5
* TYPO3 v9.5.8
* TYPO3 v8.7.27
* Also tested with [helhum/typo3-secure-web](https://github.com/helhum/typo3-secure-web)

## Credits

* [PrismJS](https://prismjs.com)
* [Smooth synchronized scrolling is based on Artem Kachanovskyi post on StackOverflow.](https://stackoverflow.com/a/41998497)

Commit message:

Update Crowdin.com to README.md file

README.md, after:

# TYPO3 Upgrade Assistant

This extensions aims to assist you while upgrading your TYPO3 system.

## Feature set
* Get merged TCA as PHP code

## Known issues

[See ext. manual for more](https://docs.typo3.org/p/amartinno1/ama-t3-upgrade-assistant/master/en-us/)

## Contribute
You may either contribute to the code base by creating a [PR](https://github.com/AMartinNo1/ama_t3_upgrade_assistant/pulls),
propose a new feature using the [issue tracker](https://github.com/AMartinNo1/ama_t3_upgrade_assistant/issues)
or contribute to [translations via crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/typo3-upgrade-assistant).

[Show all code-contributors](https://github.com/AMartinNo1/ama_t3_upgrade_assistant/graphs/contributors)

## Tested with
The extension has been developed and tested using
* TYPO3 v9.5.5
* TYPO3 v9.5.8
* TYPO3 v8.7.27
* Also tested with [helhum/typo3-secure-web](https://github.com/helhum/typo3-secure-web)

## Credits

* [PrismJS](https://prismjs.com)
* [Smooth synchronized scrolling is based on Artem Kachanovskyi post on StackOverflow.](https://stackoverflow.com/a/41998497)
* [Crowdin.com - Manage Translations Easily](https://crowdin.com)
